Hello there friend
Ah, greetings!
It's nice to meet you
I love you
Go away!
Hello
Listen, I need your help
What did you say to me?
Who are you?
what are you looking at?
what do you have to trade today?
how can I help you?
can I be of service?
where have you been all my life
what did you do?
what have you done?
It's nice to talk a walk on such a day
your mother was a hampster
that was a close one
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy
Hey, listen
shit!
It was good!!
Ooooffff tired tired wow
Oh great! Sleepy time!  Do you have to clean up?
scott and i did a lot and my coworkers helped too
how are youuuu?
whatcha up to, beansy?
Yeah? Good!
I'm watching Albert okay Zelda on the big screen
While I work on Python stuff
Ooooh that sounds pretty nice
we're bean hoppy
i love ya bunso
After all those burns, I was in critical condition, but now I'm on life pupport and have stabilized
*pupilized
Idk that was bad
Not my best
tsk
I will.. Redeem myself
you're dogging it
but i'm not disappointed (dispuppointed?).  You dogged the bullet.
that* bullet
eh.  yeah, I'm not proud of those either.
Fuck puns I suck at them
And when I make a good one no one cares and I have to high five myself lol
that bunny is flying in to save your missed joke and deliver you a high five
Hot damn
I thought about getting a bunny instead of a dog
But then I thought of all their poop
And how I could just let the bunny bunny-around my apt
yeah, and litter training them is hit or miss
Yea I've not bunny experience
No*
i have one bad bunny experience. and several happy bunny experiences for shorter term.  Again, a back yard would be nice
Sometimes I go to Petsmart on Saturdays or Sundays, whenever it is, to pet the puppies up for adoption. For me, it satiates without making me want one but other people have the opposite reaction.
Hahaha
Yea I have the opposite
It makes me realize what I've been missing and I don't want to let go lol
They should have an option to wear an armband that says, "I can't buy a dog and don't let me try."
Hahaha
I would take that off so quick - "didn't you have an armband sir?" 
"Uhmmm, nope. Shut up and take my money"
*walks out with puppy*
make it like a probation anklet
please, don't tamper with the anti-puppy-buying device
Hahaha
What size waist do you wear?  Do you know your neck size for shirts or your chest size for suits?
Nans found a penny from two hundred and three (203AD) today!  It's from way back.
Wait what
Lol
Well, it said: 2-0-0-3.  You know, "203"
Lol nanny, ever the fountain of entertainment
14 November 09:48
Do you ever do any cast iron cooking?  I always think of you when I do for some reason.  Probly cuz it's tasty
And you like tasty things
I read (and posted it on fb) an article that inspired me to have a weird cast iron cooked breakfast
I mean, it's literally costco bought frozen fried chicken and eggs, but I'm quite pleased
(It's not that the skillet itself makes things more tasty, I just put more effort (and oil) into these meals)
Cast iron cooking reminds me of scouts and campfires. Tho that was more like cast iron baking. I'm inspired to get a cast iron skillet now however
I love tasty things, someday when my metabolism slows down I'll be fucked and not able to eat tasty things lol
That was a really lame sentence
Lolol
Yeah, see if you can find one in a thrift store or antique store, usually like 5-10$, then take the rust off and bake it with some oil in it and you're good to go.
Hopefully we'll be less hungry when we slow down?
Hmm, you're so frickin resourceful!
Yea give me another year and I'll probably have to slow down
I hear turning 30 is gonna make me fat
I seriously doubt that
Lol
Yea yea
But baking cast iron skillets is standard practice.  And I bought mine from like William Sonoma for 50$, then saw an awesome one in an antique store for nothing.
If you buy a new one it's already "seasoned", if it's old you might need to bake oil into it to season it.
I see
Do they take a long time to heat up?
I duno. I mostly like that I can kill zombies with the thing I cook my breakfast in I think.
Left 4 dead style!
I've never really noticed a big difference. I either do eggs and bacon or ham from a deli or a quesadilla and it heats up quickly enough
I'm no master cooker person though
It won't bend or warp so it's good for electric, too.
Can I microwave it?
Also I eat from the pan which gives me a strange satisfaction because I can't hurt it with a fork.
If you microwave it with your phone in it, you can charge your phone that way
But be careful. I overcharged my phone that way once
I charged it until it was over 9000!!
Really? My phone charges I'm 2 min
That's what happened
Trick is you gotta put it on 70% power
D'oh
You're in Pennsylvania?
Yeah
There's a family wedding up here
Oh snap
Srsly
Going hard with the weddings, weren't you at a different wedding just a short time ago?
Yeah!  And like, 4 pairs of friends just got engaged
Geeeeeez, Tis the season, eh
Guess so. It's making me wish I were into that and had the circumstances to join them.
Mehh
Into weddings or into marriage
Marriage
I guess?
I guess I get worried that I'll miss the boat and all but I have no motivation to get married
Eh don't sweat it. I didn't even have a real gf of relationship until I was 27
I mean. I could come up with any number of reasons to be worried about my bouncing from partner to partner, as humans sometimes do worry about anything they can.
Hmmm
A reasonable worry from your past record. You'll find someone when you're ready for that kind of commitment.
Wednesday 11:36
You're in my phone under 4 numbers so I don't know if you got this
But Albert has a thing like steam called "origin" and they're selling that
NO. FUCKING. WAY
No fucking way!!!!!!!!!!
yes fucking way!
I have origin it's shit but I'm buying that
there's several of them!
Duuuuuude
like sequels or whatever
i knowwwwww
I might as well quit my job and break up with my girlfriend cause I found my new purpose in life
seriously
I didn't even play it and I'm gona see if it'll run on my computer
which is now ubuntu so.... who knows
Well I don't see why not
Aka it better
I'm about to relive my childhood lol
haha are you gona play right now?
No I'm still in bed lol
HA  excellent
this is all I can play
well, out of the like, 20 other games i have
Crap I need to gift you Garry's mod
Oh, that's all that works on Ubuntu
but i do not have GMod
A travesty!
i know
I've not played anything recently since I feel kinda bummish without a job